hello everyone its Elena and today I'll
share a few guys my tips for motivating
yourself to study I know that winter
break is coming to a close very very
soon for many of you guys and maybe
you've already finished all your work
that's great but if you haven't gotten
yourself motivated enough to even start
it then those tips are for you so that
you can get all your work done my first
tip is to make a list of your goals or
envision board whatever helps you best
and to use that as a motivation for
studying so what I did is I wrote a list
of my long and short-term goals and I
put that up on my desk
and whenever you know I get bored and
stuff and I just start to look around
then I also look at that list and I'm
like oh wait I have a very good reason
for studying so I should keep studying
and I personally find that really
helpful because it just gives you a
bigger purpose while studying and I
think that you know gives you a good
reason to study even if you for example
don't like your subject or you just
think this part of the syllabus is
completely irrelevant for the rest of
your life by doing you know when you
have a good purpose for doing it anyway
it just helps a lot you can also map out
your life and just write down what you
want to have achieved by a certain age
if you find out more helpful just you
know put down your goals in some way so
that you know why you're studying I
think one of the key things about you
know starting to study is that you
actually know what you have to do
because if you just think of all the
things that you have to do new into
break it's gonna be this huge chunk of
work that's kind of undefined and you
don't really know where to get started
and it just seems so massive that you
just don't know how to tackle it so what
I recommend is to write a to-do list for
your day the evening before because then
you wake up and you already know what
you should be doing and you should make
that list very very specific so for
example don't write down
okay I'm gonna work on criminal law that
is very very general okay the course is
quite long and you can't do all about in
a day so instead for example write down
criminal law supervision for readings 1
to 10 that is a very very specific goal
that you should be doing and it's very
achievable and you know exactly what you
should be doing and I think that's why
it's really important to be very
specific with you to-do list also I
wouldn't stop at making as you do list
also schedule these tasks and open up
your calendar and then you know allocate
a specific time slot to these tasks so
that you know when you should be doing
what give your day some structure when
you
structure and you know when to do what
it's so much easier to get started
because you already have a plan mapped
out for you if you guys want to know
more about how I schedule my tasks into
my calendar I made a video about time
management which you can find up here
and they also show up my calendar my
next tip is to tidy up your study space
before you even start because if you
have a desk where there's like you know
clothes lying around and just all the
stuff on it and you don't actually even
have space to study you're not going to
be motivated to even start studying so I
would recommend hiding at your study
space before you even think about
starting to study I have a desk in my
dorm room and I always keep it tidy
because I think for me this is the most
important thing when I need to motivate
myself to study that it's really easy to
just you know sit down and start if I
have to I clean up my desk before I even
doing it and this takes like an hour
then I personally wouldn't be motivated
to even started my next tip is again
something that you should do before you
even start studying and that is getting
all the things that you need to study
ready and now I'm not talking about
things like your pen or something like
that that's something very very obvious
but for example University very often we
get readings that we don't actually
already have so for example they tell
you oh you need to read like five pages
from this book so obviously you're not
going to go and buy the book instead you
go to the library you check it out and
you take it with you and I think it's
just really important that you have all
these readings and things ready so that
you know you don't start studying you
realize oh my god I don't actually have
all the material and then you know you
got on a free hour search for one book
and then you wasted your study time I
think one of the key reasons why people
don't get motivated enough to study is
that they're just distracted by other
things and I think one of the main
distractions in today's world is
obviously our phone now I use an app
called forests where basically you open
it up and then you click on how much
time you want to stay off your phone and
say you say 25 minutes and then you
click on start and it starts planting a
little tree and if you go off the app
then the tree dies and I don't know but
for me it's just like I don't want to
kill the tree so I just you know stay
off my phone for that time every mean
this is really really helpful
I like forests because it also shows you
you know how much productive time you've
had because it grows the little tree and
it's put into your forest and you know
maybe this sounds really silly to you
but I found the app really really
helpful
stay off my phone for a long time Jenna
thing that I did to stay off my phone is
I turn my iPhone to a grayscale so it
looks super super retro now because
everything is just black and white the
reason I did this is because social
media and basically anything I did on my
phone needs color otherwise it's just
not very attractive you know you may
think that black and white filter on
Instagram is really cool but if your
entire phone is on a black and white
filter it's just less attractive
honestly if you guys want to know how to
turn your iPhone to grayscale the
instructions are in the info box my next
tip for putting yourself in the right
mindset for studying is to find a good
background noise that facilitates
studying for you now this can be very
very different from person to person
some people prefer to sit in a coffee
shop and study dare other people need a
completely quiet library and other
people can listen to some music
personally I prefer to listen to some
classical music that is quite quick
because I realize that the quickest in
music the quicker I'm writing oh I don't
know if that's true for other people but
for me it just makes me much more
efficient so I like to listen to that or
a study in complete silence I know I
can't listen to anything where someone
is you know saying something in the song
nowhere to the language I'll just really
get distracted by it so I can only have
instruments playing in the background
and at best it'd be quick because then
I'm writing quicker but you know
depending on what kind of study type you
are you might need a coffee shop or you
might need complete silence so I
recommend you know thinking about what
makes you the most productive and then
creating that background noise that kind
of environment so that you can then
study I know that many people study in
your room and very often your desk is
quite close to your bed and I know that
it can be very very tempting to just lie
down on your bed for a little bit and we
all know we're not going to get up again
so what I recommend doing is I recommend
thinking about whether it's realistic
for you that you're gonna stay on your
desk and not go to your back but if you
know yourself and you know that you're
just kind of person who just will wander
off to go bad and you know lie down
instead of studying change the room go
to the living room study there or go to
a library and study there if you know
you can't resist the urge to you know
lie down and you know just chill for a
bit then go somewhere else where you
just can't do that because I think one
of the key reasons why you know even
when we get ourselves into the mindset
for studying and while we don't stop is
that we think oh I could just you know
chill for a little while
and that little while turns into a few
hours and then our study mindset is gone
now my next tip may seem a little bit
weird to you but this has really helped
me a lot and that is to dress like you
would on a normal day where you would go
out so personally I cannot really focus
in like you know my PJs or very very
comfortable clothing which I wouldn't go
out in because my mind just thinks okay
so we're and it's really really
comfortable clothing so we're not going
out today we're just chilling and we
don't need to be focusing so for me it
just helps to you know put on some jeans
and you know like a t-shirt and a few
accessories and just feel like I could
walk out of the door and you know meet
some friends now and whatever and for me
it just puts my mind in the right place
but this may differ from person to
person some people may actually be more
comfortable studying in more comfortable
clothing it really really depends but if
you haven't tried salad I would highly
recommend it because it can really
change a lot if your mind just thinks
okay I'm in work mode like just put on
some clothes that you would wear to
school and it's already easier to stop
budding my next tip is more tip for you
know to time after school when you're
coming home and that is we usually are
quite he's all set after that and I know
it's really really tempting to you know
just sit down and you know watch your
YouTube videos or whatever or lie down
on your bed but don't do it because we
all had these days where yeah we came
home we were kind of exhausted we lied
out and then we got up again at like
6:00 p.m. and then we don't really have
a lot of time to study anymore so what I
recommend doing instead is to you know
make yourself a cup of tea drink a
little bit in a book that you're reading
for fun or even go out and take a walk
for like five to ten minutes it puts
your mind to get plays and it doesn't
put you in that sleepy and you know not
working mode which lying down or sitting
down and doing nothing will do now my
last tip is for when you're already
studying and you're starting to lose
focus I would recommend trying out some
breathing techniques personally I never
believed into breathing techniques until
I entered 12th grade and my school had a
talk on it and they made us try it like
right there on the spot then I was like
well fine I have nothing to lose I might
as well just you know focus on my
breathing for now and I just found that
so
and so so helpful and I actually used
this technique in my final exams quite a
lot because we had quite long finals and
so you know when you're on your like
third essay and it's already been over
two hours in that exam hole just you
know sitting back for like 20 seconds
focusing on your breathing it's not
going to lose you a lot of exam time but
it increases your focus quite a lot and
you can also just do that at home if you
guys gonna have some introductory
breathing techniques and you know how to
do them I wrote down a few and you can
check them out in the info box I find it
really really helpful and I would just
recommend trying it out if it works for
you it can be very very helpful and it
can really increase your focus quite a
lot and yeah those are my tips for
motivating yourself to study and staying
motivated while studying I hope you're
all having a productive but very
enjoyable winter break and I will be
doing vlogs about my life here at
Cambridge very soon again as soon as
term starts but this look quite a few
days left and mock exams are coming
first but I am really looking forward to
the next term and so yeah I hope you
guys found this video helpful and I hope
that you're all having a productive but
very enjoyable winter break thank you
guys so much for watching bye